Add more getting-started examples with Polaris (#859)
apache/polaris: README.md

  build the image locally.
- `docker run -p 8181:8181 -p 8182:8182 apache/polaris:latest` - To run the image.

The Polaris codebase contains some docker compose examples to quickly get started with Polaris,

> using different configurations. Check the `./docker` directory for more information.

Reviewer: There are Spark and Trino docker compose examples under the directory `./getting-started`. Can we consolidate all docker compose examples into one place?

Author: Of course, great idea! I'm sorry I didn't think about it before 🤦‍♂️ 

I will move everything to `.getting-started`.

Reviewer 2: Yes good point. I think it makes sense to gather everything in getting started and optionally point to getting started.

> using different configurations. Check the `./docker` directory for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using different configurations. Check the `./getting-started` directory for more information.
```
